# Visual_Object_Detection_System_Prototype
A Prototype for detection of phone Images for autonomous robot applications

This project is all about detecting and localizing the phone with the help of just few hundred images and the key is, the phone is same in all the images.


The task is to find a location of a phone dropped on the floor from a single RGB camera image. 
The customer has only one type of phone he is interested in detecting.
A dataset consists of approximately 100 jpeg images of the floor from the factory building with a phone on it. 
There is a file named labels.txt that contains normalized coordinates of a phone for each picture.
Each line of the labels.txt is composed of img_path , x , y separated by spaces:
img_path , x (coordinate of the phone), y (coordinate of the phone)

The images and labels.txt are in the ‘ find_phone ’ folder in the archive attached to this description
1) train_phone_finder.py takes a single command line argument which is a path to a
folder with labeled images and labels.txt that has been attached to this
description. This script may generate any artifacts you want in the current folder.
Here is what a terminal command will look like:
> python train_phone_finder.py ~/find_phone

2) find_phone.py takes a single command line argument which is a path to the jpeg
image to be tested. This script may use data in the local folder previously
generated by train_phone_finder.py . This script has to print the normalized
coordinates of the phone detected on this test image in the format shown below.
Here is what a terminal command will look like. Please, notice space separated
float numbers on a single line without parentheses (!):
> python find_phone.py ~/find_phone_test_images/51.jpg
0.2551 0.3129

A phone is considered to be detected correctly on a test image if your output is within a
radius of 0.05 (normalized distance) centered on the phone
